feat: add AVM Terraform Copilot CLI skills and agent (#498)
Azure/avm-terraform-governance: managed-files/root/.github/skills/avm-tf-interfaces/SKILL.md

### `lock`

```hcl
variable "lock" {
  type = object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
  default     = null
  description = <<DESCRIPTION
Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `\"CanNotDelete\"` and `\"ReadOnly\"`.
- `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.
DESCRIPTION
  validation {
    condition     = var.lock == null || try(contains(["CanNotDelete", "ReadOnly"], var.lock.kind), false)
    error_message = "Lock kind must be either CanNotDelete or ReadOnly."
  }
}
```

Implementation (in `main.tf`):

```hcl
resource "azurerm_management_lock" "this" {
  count      = var.lock != null ? 1 : 0
  lock_level = var.lock.kind
  name       = coalesce(var.lock.name, "lock-${var.name}")
  scope      = azapi_resource.this.id
  notes      = var.lock.kind == "CanNotDelete" ? "Cannot delete the resource or its child resources." : "Cannot delete or modify the resource or its child resources."

> }

Reviewer: Same contradiction @myaschmitz flagged at lines 140 and 220, but for the lock interface — line 25 says these MUST be AzAPI, then the worked example is `azurerm_management_lock`. `Microsoft.Authorization/locks` is available through AzAPI, so TFFR3's "no AzAPI equivalent" exception doesn't apply.

Worth noting this also contradicts your own eval answer key, which asserts the correct response *"treats standard cross-cutting interface resources as ALSO needing AzAPI migration — does NOT tell the user to keep them on `azurerm_*`"*.

```suggestion
resource "azapi_resource" "lock" {
  count = var.lock != null ? 1 : 0

  type      = var.resource_types.authorization_locks
  parent_id = azapi_resource.this.id
  name      = coalesce(var.lock.name, "lock-${var.name}")

  body = {
    properties = {
      level = var.lock.kind
      notes = var.lock.kind == "CanNotDelete" ? "Cannot delete the resource or its child resources." : "Cannot delete or modify the resource or its child resources."
    }
  }

  response_export_values = []
  replace_triggers_refs  = []

  retry = var.retry
}
```

Note the resource is named `lock`, not `this` — TFRMNFR2 reserves `this` for the primary resource.

Author: Fixed — the lock example is now `azapi_resource` (`Microsoft.Authorization/locks`) instead of `azurerm_management_lock`, matching the MUST at the top of the skill.

Resolved: https://github.com/lestermarch/avm-terraform-governance/blob/f72a170/managed-files/root/.github/skills/avm-tf-interfaces/SKILL.md#L73-L91

### `diagnostic_settings`

```hcl
variable "diagnostic_settings" {
  type = map(object({
    name                                     = optional(string, null)
    log_categories                           = optional(set(string), [])
    log_groups                               = optional(set(string), ["allLogs"])
    metric_categories                        = optional(set(string), ["AllMetrics"])
    log_analytics_destination_type           = optional(string, "Dedicated")
    workspace_resource_id                    = optional(string, null)
    storage_account_resource_id              = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_name                           = optional(string, null)
    marketplace_partner_resource_id          = optional(string, null)
  }))
  default     = {}
  nullable    = false
  description = "A map of diagnostic settings to create on this resource. Defaults to `name = \"diag-<resource-name>\"`."
}
```

> Implementation: one `azurerm_monitor_diagnostic_setting "this"` per `for_each`, with dynamic `enabled_log` blocks for `log_categories`, dynamic `enabled_log` blocks for `log_groups`, and dynamic `metric` blocks for `metric_categories`. Default name **MUST** prefix with `diag-` per SNFR25.

Reviewer 2: [Line 25](https://github.com/Azure/avm-terraform-governance/pull/498/changes#diff-49fcaa7db75bd0e1b2e36312fbf34fa2217e40ac8846117c447bf2b3159933f0R25) in this file says diagnostic settings must use AzAPI, but this recommends `azurerm_monitor_diagnostic_setting`. I believe `Microsoft.Insights/diagnosticSettings` is available through AzAPI, so should this use the AzAPI pattern?

Author: Good catch — corrected. The diagnostic settings interface now uses `azapi_resource` (`Microsoft.Insights/diagnosticSettings`) per the AzAPI-first mandate; no more `azurerm_monitor_diagnostic_setting` in the recommended pattern.

Resolved: https://github.com/lestermarch/avm-terraform-governance/blob/f72a170/managed-files/root/.github/skills/avm-tf-interfaces/SKILL.md#L176-L200

    tags                                  = optional(map(string), null)
    subnet_resource_id                    = string
    private_dns_zone_group_name           = optional(string, "default")
    private_dns_zone_resource_ids         = optional(set(string), [])
    application_security_group_associations = optional(map(string), {})
    private_service_connection_name       = optional(string, null)
    network_interface_name                = optional(string, null)
    location                              = optional(string, null)
    resource_group_name                   = optional(string, null)
    ip_configurations = optional(map(object({
      name               = string
      private_ip_address = string
    })), {})
  }))
  default     = {}
  nullable    = false
  description = "A map of private endpoints to create on this resource."
}

variable "private_endpoints_manage_dns_zone_group" {
  type        = bool
  default     = true
  description = "Whether to manage Private DNS Zone Groups. Set to false to use the `this_unmanaged_dns_zone_groups` resource branch (for AzAPI-driven setups where the DNS zone group is managed elsewhere)."
}
```

> Implementation: split into two `azurerm_private_endpoint` resources — `this` (with `private_dns_zone_group`) and `this_unmanaged_dns_zone_groups` (without) — driven by `private_endpoints_manage_dns_zone_group`. **Default name MUST be `pep-<primary-resource-name>`** per SNFR25.

Reviewer 2: Same thing here, [line 25](https://github.com/Azure/avm-terraform-governance/pull/498/changes#diff-49fcaa7db75bd0e1b2e36312fbf34fa2217e40ac8846117c447bf2b3159933f0R25) in this file says private endpoints must use AzAPI, but this recommends `azurerm_private_endpoint`. Since `Microsoft.Network/privateEndpoints` and its private DNS zone group resource are available through AzAPI, should this be updated?

Author: Fixed — private endpoints are now modelled with `azapi_resource` (`Microsoft.Network/privateEndpoints`, plus the DNS zone group as a separate AzAPI resource) instead of `azurerm_private_endpoint`.

Resolved: https://github.com/lestermarch/avm-terraform-governance/blob/f72a170/managed-files/root/.github/skills/avm-tf-interfaces/SKILL.md#L280-L320

### `customer_managed_key`

```hcl
variable "customer_managed_key" {
  type = object({
    key_vault_resource_id              = string
    key_name                           = string
    key_version                        = optional(string, null)
    user_assigned_identity = optional(object({
      resource_id = string
    }), null)
  })
  default     = null
  description = "Configuration for Customer Managed Keys (CMK) for encryption at rest. The Key Vault, key, and (if used) user-assigned identity MUST already exist."
}
```

Wire into `body.properties.encryption*` or the resource-type-specific equivalent.

### `alerts` (SHOULD)

> Schema varies by resource (the spec doesn't yet fix one), but if your resource supports Azure Monitor alerts you SHOULD expose an `alerts` map variable that creates `azurerm_monitor_metric_alert` / `azurerm_monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2` instances.

Reviewer: Third instance of the same AzAPI/AzureRM contradiction (after lines 140 and 220 that @myaschmitz caught). `Microsoft.Insights/metricAlerts` and `Microsoft.Insights/scheduledQueryRules` both exist in AzAPI.

```suggestion
Schema varies by resource (the spec doesn't yet fix one), but if your resource supports Azure Monitor alerts you SHOULD expose an `alerts` map variable that creates `azapi_resource` instances of `Microsoft.Insights/metricAlerts` or `Microsoft.Insights/scheduledQueryRules`, sourced from `var.resource_types` per TFFR6. Per TFFR3, don't reach for `azurerm_monitor_*` here — both types have AzAPI equivalents.
```

Author: Corrected — alerts now use `azapi_resource` (`Microsoft.Insights/metricAlerts` / `scheduledQueryRules`) sourced from `var.resource_types` per TFFR6, with a TFFR3 note against `azurerm_monitor_*`.

Resolved: https://github.com/lestermarch/avm-terraform-governance/blob/f72a170/managed-files/root/.github/skills/avm-tf-interfaces/SKILL.md#L338
